Added in snowflake as a db system #2974 (#2980)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet-contrib: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.EntityFrameworkCore/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Added in Snowflake as a db system for `EFCore.Snowflake` provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for detecting Snowflake for the `db.system` attribute when using `EFCore.Snowflake`.
```
